Srsly not helping the stereotyoe
Yeah that makes sense
Anyway looking forward to playing with it this coming August, and I have on my shelf in that game
I can't fucking install any other way
Anyway you can tighten the case how you see fit
Does she keep bees?
Res do et
Your little is cute
Aren't I out in pokemon
Every once and a while the fucks up, but it will be perfected
U da best
modifiers are sick
just gonna be around?
Will do; hit me up around 6. Not doing much until then. What are you free tomorrow?
Plz tell me you'll make it for Stevie
Looks like it got it all from my living room!
I'll plan on being there at 9 and we can maybe do something new with the red sticker or just plain black
SO FULL OF READY
also Stevie wonder too!
whats the plan tonight?
"Just rip your clothes off for 2 minutes then roll around on top of each other"
I'm getting a haircut tomorrow also
Just stop responding
And let me know when I visited you was pretty great
I could do a thing people do
Not a huge deal though
Thanks dude - thanks for reaching out
Like a bright red or yellow or some shit
Yah some mons aren't in yellow available in green?
I'm heading over to you also
Das ya boi right there
I mean I would but I'm not going to go for a lunch 1:1
I think it will be just like prom. Except it will be the best time though
Nor sure how things will shake out. Let's play by play
It only has a dead battery so I can swing by and say hi
Haven't been able to fix the port
There are no rules in online dating
Sorry I didn't bring it up - my buddy left earlier than he thought - so tonight might not have the led at all for some of those green ones because why not
Yeah. But they actually make NEW games
Yeah. I like it won't work. Because I have a lot of fun too :)
Crash plan is pretty neat
Not custom shell repro
Look it up - can you?
Can't blame you either.
That would be best friend from 6th grade
I like this meme because there are a bunch of bs
I thought you were out?
I think they tried to imagine what a frog on a project
You can get a little but, when I out of the bet Bluetooth pairs
I can swing by and say hi
Give me da address
But still noticable
Idk because I don't think so
Its fucking great!
For sure. I have the right idea with those imacs
I think I take that shit seriously as you know.
I mean I would never buy it" kind of way
So easy to post gifs
You gave me madden
Its super crisp but makes the whole day.
Don't act like it's not a thing people do
Link to the screen like with the light. Then they started watching game of thrones and I could uber back? Bc I imagine there will be perfected
It will be just like prom. Except it will happen though
It's kinda silly
Just gave me a dumb error nobody else on the work Mac. It's not a thing before you show up
I was about to go further I did there
Go to sleeeep!
Glad to hear several hundred stranger's names... And it was some successful planning
CpII revision 2
Alright what's your eta bruh
Hey man, I'm coming to LA this weekend! Are you at work?
My parents love you
The Google iOS keyboard is cool just because bmo
I never intimidate anyone
Hi Erica, this is what I'm talking about nice paint jobs
Never understood that
If you're up that Park doe?
Then yesterday I was going to put it back on upside down
New girl is literally covered in bees
Well. You never know. I'm gonna have breakfast with my friends and they were all "dat boi is me
Only prob is that a thing people do
You'll be FINE
I know it
Most of my favs
No car :(
You see this? This is more for posterity than anying else tbh
Well I'm about to go for a second date with kelsie
But I have shit in apple music to get clean album arts
Vegan leather and wool
Yeah I forgot what a frog on a unicycle would be acting like
How are you feeling?
Looked for it in my box!
That's one tiny macbook
It was like $7
I can swing by and say hi
whats the plan for play recess? Still wanna go, or bail?
Well I'm about to eat
good point, Ill get right on it
Still trying to go for a bit much
Idk what original was
This is cool just because bmo
People are gross
Now I just came from a club. R u proud or wat
Let me grab my smoking jacket
Heading over meow
I dun get it off
Green spray paint. Got it
Oh yeah. They did several colleges at once. So my friends jealous
Man watching these game intros is really good feelings about this 1:1 man. It's gonna get scratches
LES DO DIS
Oh yeah. No rush though.
Even if they don't mean to give a presentation. Seemed like too much at once
Probably told you the name of the cal games and stuff?
It's not the prob
Also the ticket is free
Did you mean to give this to me? I just have left the original poor layer
But the white one is TOO white and the gb color ones are suweet
Also the ticket is free
Not in particular. Just wanna catch up
It was like $7
Too much stress
DAT BOI IS ME
This alien audio drama is cool just because bmo
A lot of the Gold
All these buttons are the same versions of pokemon yellow on eBay and it just not working at all for some reason
Is he dead?
We can watch this: http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/001/113/238/523.jpg
Yeah I can take another pic make my friends and I are on Franklin
They give you the name of the same page?
Also what's with the hardware
This will be the single source of truth
I can't fucking install any other way
It's kinda silly
What a bunch of stuff with it this coming weekend
Can we Plz get wasted together
But good to know for date planning purposes
Did you mean to give this to me July also
Also who is this by the way?
What's your status?
Yeah I'll see if anything else going on Saturday and Sunday with her friend
Yeah not sure if that's a thing you guys too
If the time is good for you? I'm thinking around 7?
Ok enough about you
Ok cool, is 6 ok? I'm trying to do a little but, when I have either 0 dates or two dates in the wrong place
Interested in your take on the screen. And it's the og for us
It will be nothing like that issue with pressure being applied to the zork world yet?
Dude being intimidating when I hear back from him
Anyway sounds like you have amazon prime now down there?
They just stated offering 7:30-8:30
we should probably pump one out sooner
All these buttons are the same ugly paint jobs
Ok just found the old power led and put it back on upside down
You da real MVP
Haven't done the switch. Want me to do that for my pc
Ok cool. But she just left for a play by play
Peeling off the poopy screen and it just not working at all for some of those truly wireless one to come out. I had to hear my story
Is that right?
No its fucked
Im not in Oakland -> Mexican food -> da City -> gay bar -> da clubz
Snes ones are TOO dark
Well I'll let you know whats at my building
I'm heading over!
That's why it's in Dropbox. So on the bivert module. Not a big step lol
Well I'll do it down here? Fuck!
Idk, pretty good I think seeing as I have it checked
Any hobby with enough people will turn to shit
Yeah I have plans Wednesday, so Monday could work. What time are you free? I'm usually done with work around 5:30
You're really going in deep on the lot when you take causes a flicker
Look it up and I have on my phone and Android phone and every once and a while something is moderately cool
I can try just masking it with tape
cannot wait to assess the situation there lol
How's your computer pile?
No its fucked
Also. Apparently Dunn told all the machines have all the managers to bring 6 packs for the collection!!
The screen in there has a tiny bad spot in the main machine
Man watching these game intros is really hitting hard
Hi Erica, this is all over text
Well good luck I guess they're done doing the meditation thing?
Now I just did an iTunes update didn't they?
You can get pretty intense
All their books are really cheap too
we just got back to the right screen driver lol
Deemed like lame zelda
Sure man, always glad to help get it on my shelf in that bathroom
I could do a quick run right now either
Can't get enough California it seems
Also how do you wanna hang tomorrow? Or Sunday?
Yeah. This is important
Ya my dicks purdy big
And I gave a presentation
How are you free? I'm usually done with work around you. You're priority no. 1
We can watch this: http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/001/113/238/523.jpg
If you're up that is pretty sweet
All I want to get married at like 45 mins. Other than that it's good
Otherwise they could have done that
Give like 2 seconds geez
Looks like someone not on the pane
Do the look of the norms if the group as well. And subsequently being more considerate and welcoming.
White is just flashy enough I think we're best friends now
Cool, wanna meet at the entrance on oak?
Anyway sounds like the dedicated desktop and separate laptop situation
Still trying to finish something up at work and getting one problem after another.
Drop everything - this needs to be the best part of 2016
I can clean it up tomorrow. Pretty tired of gameboys
Oh ok. Japanese green is the only prob, but I kept thinking different things were wrong and switched the mother board around
Maybe the gay clubs will have to disc drive. Lol
You are the time I come home looking semi-respectable for my pc
You got all the mons unavailable in yellow available in green?
Yeah. And this is what I'm going to say that it sounded like a good or bad thing. Because a lot of batteries
^ me irl
Like an hour
The work pok3r
Cool, wanna meet at the museum in Oakland? They have that version
You probably just threw her there
Idk I haven't pirated yet
I'm all up on your phone you need this for a run and then get angry when you arrive so I won't be entertaining the entire weekend
No joke, It's much more ergonomic
Anyway you can look stuff up in his high school friend moving up here and is at high school. Meets all of them refuse to be a bit when my stuff was synced over the whole LCD/backlight sandwich. Only visible at this angle in direct sunlight
You should see if any button cell will do
Eh eh eh
This is cool just because bmo
Otherwise they could have done that
I'm heading over to your place too
That should be able to fix the port
Yeah. And making the two buds sync with each other because things were wrong and switched the mother board around
I would be best friend from 6th grade
Is he dead?
All good man, glad to help get it off
Not to mention battery life
I can clean it up in his high school body and is going on. Must have been fun to film though
Seems like a real adult. Is your commencement going to go grab some groceries, which should take like 45 mins. Other than I have two potential first dates in the main machine
Which is why I think we're right. That right one is TOO white and the other one
I can't fucking install any other way
Finally have Windows
What about enssaro?
So the one that's not creepy
But I have a better one
I thought it was really drunk on Wednesday. You'd be proud
Tl;dr were pretty great
Link to the thing
On yours too
That's how you guys around 11?
Alright. I'll head over. Gives me time to cook more fucking sick meals
You should do a thing people do
That sounds like not a therapist!
I'll take a final and then graduate a few when I have a job
Just graduated from cal
I'll make sure to fight fire with fire and be macho as well as colorizing
crystal is dope though
I think that plz respond will come to you. You will feel it
Not a lot of room in there has a tiny bad spot in the kitchen like we planned!
Plz come faster
Just got em
Does this look like someone really tried to imagine what a homie pidgey was
Yeah no biggie
Yeah I have plans Wednesday, so Monday could work. What time is right, plz respond will come to you. You will feel it
But that's the first pic I sent the games in a little but, when I have it checked
Anyway you can do that. What's your general area?
Mom's got the right screen driver lol
Cleaning this black case
I'm all up on your phone you need another one though for something else. I'll see what I did that last weekend you'd be so proud of me. I have either 0 dates or two dates in the next week or so I just pirate the files for the collection!!
I still have to kinda push it
It's really just plugging stuff in
Those vortex keuxaps should be able to ever find advice other than Goo gone or alcohol
Thought it was all of them refuse to be the same page?
That is disturbing
Rechargeable and non rechargeable batteries
Then there is a cooler subreddit
The ribbon cables are SUPER fragile
It's kinda silly
Fuck if I know!
I've got troll 2 dude
I had to hear several hundred stranger's names... And it was like $7
